
Test rules:
   We're typically avoiding builds tailor-made for the fight, focusing instead on either archetypical 
   or well-balanced builds. 
   We're mostly avoiding 'game over' spells and abilities. An example is hold person where, if the opponent 
   does not have a significant will save, the fight is functionally over. 
   Likewise we're avoiding flight. We gain nothing to learn that someone who can fly and has ranged attacks 
   can beat someone on the ground.
   The arena isn't clearly defined, but is assumed bounded similar to a larger mordenkainen's private sanctum. 
   It should be large enough to allow some movement/positioning for ranged fighters, but small enough to 
   discourage indefinite kiting. 

Frenzy orc barbarian vs mountain dwarf Battlemaster fighter (great weapon):
Tactics: 
    Barbarian does reckless frenzy attacks with greataxe
    Fighter: Attempts to disarm and push. Takes advantage of recklessness to spam great weapon fighter.
Results: Barbarian crushes. 
Analasys: Barbarian has higher HP, chance to hit, and has resistance against fighter damage granting massive 
advantage in hit trading. Immunity to fear (berserker) and gigantic strength saves (advantage and +13) negate 
any battlemaster tricks. 

Next test: 
    Orc champion fighter (sword n board) vs orc frenzy barbarian 
Tactics:
    Barbarian does reckless frenzy attacks with greataxe
    Fighter: Uses bonus action to push with shield, otherwise basic attacks
Analasys: Marginally more effective than battlemaster due to regen, higher ac, and crits. Shield push is as 
weak as battlemaster's disarm/trip since the fighter has to beat 24 athletics to even force the barbarian to 
roll. If the barbarian isn't prone, the fighter eats the retaliation attack.

Next test: 
    Polearm/Sentinel cheese eldritch knight vs orc berserker
Tactics:
    Barbarian does reckless frenzy attacks with greataxe
    Fighter: Keeps distance with polearm. Fire shield for retaliatory damage. Witch bolt at lvl 2-3 slot 
    for ticking damage. Other lvl 3 spell slots used for lightning bolt after hitting. Nickle and dime with 
    melee. 
Analasys: The fighter won, but not unanimously. A level 20 fighter attacks with roughly a +11 modifier, while 
the barbarian has a natural armor of about 21. This makes the polearm defense about 50/50. If the barbarian 
gets their full attack, they are likely going to hit with about 4 strikes of ~18 damage each, so it is very 
expensive for the fighter to be hit. 
Alternatively: If the fighter can take hits early to provoke reckless attacks, and leverage that to land a 
level three witch bolt. They can run the clock down by kiting with misty step and dashing while letting the 
3d12 lightning damage tick each round. The second level spell slots don't get used for much else and action 
surge comes with a misty step effect, so the fighter can buy at least 6 rounds.

Next test: 
    Start on paladins with a oath of devotion pally vs orc berserker
Tactics
    Barbarian does reckless frenzy attacks with greataxe till it stops working, though this would be a legit 
    hilarious time to grapple and negate the great weapon.
    Paladin: Capitalizes on sacred weapon to spam great weapon mastery. Tries for holy weapon and a smite on 
    each swing to try and max out on non physical damage. 
Analasys: The barbarian still reigns. The paladin hits spectacularly hard when unleashing everything, but starts 
with over 100 less hp and armor low enough the barbarian is basically getting free hits. Lay on hands only buys 
time as the +100 is quickly met with a 60-70 damage burst. Adding mount could functionally give extra 'hp' to 
the paladin and might make dropping flaming sword for smite spells viable. 

Next test: 
    Oath of ancients paladin vs orc berserker
Tactics:
    Barbarian: If it isn't broke.... Reckless frenzy spam to the face
    Paladin: Much more tactical. Misty step provides mobility options and allows for regen tanking. Spells as 
    bonus actions greatly improves offensive and tactical capabilities for a burstier and more mobile fight. 
    Destructive wave and ice storm are musts as some of the only offensive spells.